[Outlook] (event-based) Troubleshooting checklist (#3754)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/smart-alerts-onmessagesend-walkthrough.md

      }
    }

>     // IMPORTANT: To ensure your add-in is supported in the Outlook on Windows client, remember to map the event handler name specified in the manifest's LaunchEvent element to its JavaScript counterpart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // IMPORTANT: To ensure your add-in is supported in the Outlook client on Windows, remember to map the event handler name specified in the manifest's LaunchEvent element to its JavaScript counterpart.
```

    // 1st parameter: FunctionName of LaunchEvent in the manifest; 2nd parameter: Its implementation in this .js file.
    if (Office.context.platform === Office.PlatformType.PC || Office.context.platform == null) {
      Office.actions.associate("onMessageSendHandler", onMessageSendHandler);
    }
    ```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > To ensure your add-in runs as expected when an `OnMessageSend` or `OnAppointmentSend` event occurs in Outlook on Windows, call `Office.actions.associate` in the JavaScript file where your handlers are implemented. This maps the event handler name specified in the manifest's **\<LaunchEvent>** element to its JavaScript counterpart. If this call isn't included in your JavaScript file and the **SendMode** property of your manifest's **\<LaunchEvent>** property is set to `SoftBlock` or isn't specified, your users will be blocked from sending messages or appointments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To ensure your add-in runs as expected when an `OnMessageSend` or `OnAppointmentSend` event occurs in Outlook on Windows, call `Office.actions.associate` in the JavaScript file where your handlers are implemented. This maps the event handler name specified in the manifest's **\<LaunchEvent\>** element to its JavaScript counterpart. If this call isn't included in your JavaScript file and the **SendMode** property of your manifest's **\<LaunchEvent\>** property is set to `SoftBlock` or isn't specified, your users will be blocked from sending messages or appointments.
```

    > [!NOTE]
    > If your add-in wasn't automatically sideloaded, then follow the instructions in [Sideload Outlook add-ins for testing](../outlook/sideload-outlook-add-ins-for-testing.md#sideload-manually) to manually sideload the add-in in Outlook.

> 1. In your preferred Outlook client, create a new message and set the subject. In the body, add text like "Hey, check out this picture of my dog!".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In your preferred Outlook client, create a new message and set the subject. In the body, add some text. For example, "Hey, here's a picture of my dog!".
```
For Global English, remove vernaculars such as "like" and "check out".

## Debug your add-in

> For guidance on how to troubleshoot your Smart Alerts add-in, see the "Troubleshooting checklist" section of [Configure your Outlook add-in for event-based activation](autolaunch.md#troubleshooting-checklist).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For guidance on how to troubleshoot your Smart Alerts add-in, see the "Troubleshooting guide" section of [Configure your Outlook add-in for event-based activation](autolaunch.md#troubleshooting-checklist).
```
